# Package summary:  The pandas package is an extremely useful for analyzing and formatting large amounts of raw data. I also imported the seaborn package, which is a data visualization library which allowed me to further show the raw data in a visually pleasing manner. In this scenario, I used Uber raw data and extracted it from the internet. I then proceeded to use the python pandas package to manipulate the data in such as way that that the columns would be date/time, lattitude, longitude, base, dom, weekday, and hour. With this raw data, I was able to make a histogram that visually showed the frequency of uber trips during the date of the month with the help of the seaborn library that I imported. There, however, is a multiude of other capabilities of the pandas package along with the seaborn library. For example, you could also use the lttitude and longitude to show on a map where the most uber trips occured during a specific time period. It is all a matter of how you want to organize the data with the help of python pandas. I was then prompted with "Populating the interactive namespace from numpy and matplotlib". 
#Install and run instructions: For this project, I used Jupyter Notebook. Since Jupyter is very user friendly, all that I had to do to install the python and seaborn packages was first install the Ipython interface with "%pylab inline" and then simply "import pandas" and "import seaborn". 
#Code: The code that I wrote, although it is a simple program, displays a vast number of usages. I first extracted raw uber data from online and imported it into my project with In 67. I had to convert the txt file to csv file so that pandas could recognize the columns. Once the raw data has been imported into the project, I then was able to start manipulating it in such a way that I could make a visually pleasing histogram with effective data. I was then able to format the data so that it displayed weekday and hour. With this, I was able to create the histogram in IN79 which showed the frequency of uber trips on dates of the month. 
Future Idea: If I was to use this package for my final project, I would probably go further with this uber raw data and extrapolate on the data, creating more visual representations of the data using the lattitude and longitude data points. 
